README.md, before:

### Documentation guide

1. [Sobre / About](#about)
2. [Síntese / Resume](#synthesis)
3. [Requisitos](#requisitos)
4. [Detalhes de gestão](#quadro-kanban)
5. [Instruções de instalação](#como-rodar-este-projeto)
6. [Contribua](#contribue)

# RecordsRepo
Explore Brazilian indie songs, different genres and expand your musical repertoire.

# About

Esse projeto nasceu com o intuito inicial de divulgar bandas locais de Fortaleza, CE. Com design mais baseado no Brasil e com toques de estéticas synthwave, você pode explorar diferentes gêneros de música, fora dos mais populares e explorar diferentes bandas, com foco nas independentes locais brasileiras. **Como projeto open-source, sinta-se livre para contribuir com sugestões, melhorias e outros.**

Você pode escutar previews das músicas lançadas, bem como salvar ou compartilhar bandas que você conhece.

[EN]

This project was born with the initial intention of promoting local bands from Fortaleza, CE. With a design more based on Brazil and with touches of synthwave aesthetics, you can explore different genres of music, outside the most popular and explore different bands, focusing on independent Brazilian locations. **As an open-source project, feel free to contribute suggestions, improvements, and more.**

You can listen to previews of the released songs, as well as save or share bands you know.

## Synthesis

Plataforma de streaming musical voltada à música independente, especialmente cena local / nordestina. Baseado em plataformas consolidadas, como Lastfm e Spotify, contém algoritmo de recomendação baseada no gosto dos usuários e gera relatórios para artistas (em observação).

[EN]

Music streaming platform focused on independent music, especially local/nordestine scene. Based on consolidated platforms such as Lastfm and Spotify, it contains recommendation algorithm based on the taste of users and generates reports for artists (under observation).

# Tecnologias


| Client-Side | Backend / API |
| ---- | ---- |
| Next.js | Next.js |
| React | Python ou Javascript (a decidir) |
| ReactBits (biblioteca) |  |


# Instalação do projeto

[PT-BR]
1. Clone este repositório com `git clone https://github.com/ingrydf12/RecordsRepo` utilizando terminal ou IDE.
2. Rode o comando `npm install` para instalar as dependências presentes no package.json
3. Em modo de desenvolvimento, rode o projeto com `npm run dev`, ou caso queira rodar o build otimizado, utilize `npm run build` e `npm run preview`.

[EN]
1. Clone this repository with `git clone https://github.com/ingrydf12/RecordsRepo` using terminal or IDE.
2. Run the `npm install` command to install the dependencies present in package.json
3. In development mode, run the project with `npm run dev`, or if you want to run the optimized build, use `npm run build` and `npm run preview`.

# Contribue

If you are begginer and want to contribue to this project, you can see this [guide](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-contribute-to-open-source-projects-as-a-beginner/) from freeCodeCamp.

In [issue tab](https://github.com/ingrydf12/RecordsRepo/issues), you can check tasks (bugs, features, or others) that have been viewed, but you can also add new ones.

Commit message:

docs(wip): design docs section

README.md, after:

### Documentation guide

1. [Sobre / About](#about)
2. [Síntese / Resume](#synthesis)
3. [Tecnologias](#tecnologias)
4. [Instalação do projeto](#instalacao-do-projeto)
5. [Contribua](#contribue)
6. [Design in production](#design-docs)

# RecordsRepo
Explore Brazilian indie songs, different genres and expand your musical repertoire.

# About

Esse projeto nasceu com o intuito inicial de divulgar bandas locais de Fortaleza, CE. Com design mais baseado no Brasil e com toques de estéticas synthwave, você pode explorar diferentes gêneros de música, fora dos mais populares e explorar diferentes bandas, com foco nas independentes locais brasileiras. **Como projeto open-source, sinta-se livre para contribuir com sugestões, melhorias e outros.**

Você pode escutar previews das músicas lançadas, bem como salvar ou compartilhar bandas que você conhece.

[EN]

This project was born with the initial intention of promoting local bands from Fortaleza, CE. With a design more based on Brazil and with touches of synthwave aesthetics, you can explore different genres of music, outside the most popular and explore different bands, focusing on independent Brazilian locations. **As an open-source project, feel free to contribute suggestions, improvements, and more.**

You can listen to previews of the released songs, as well as save or share bands you know.

## Synthesis

Plataforma de streaming musical voltada à música independente, especialmente cena local / nordestina. Baseado em plataformas consolidadas, como Lastfm e Spotify, contém algoritmo de recomendação baseada no gosto dos usuários e gera relatórios para artistas (em observação).

[EN]

Music streaming platform focused on independent music, especially local/nordestine scene. Based on consolidated platforms such as Lastfm and Spotify, it contains recommendation algorithm based on the taste of users and generates reports for artists (under observation).

# Tecnologias


| Client-Side | Backend / API |
| ---- | ---- |
| Next.js | Next.js |
| React | Python ou Javascript (a decidir) |
| ReactBits (biblioteca) |  |


# Instalação do projeto

[PT-BR]
1. Clone este repositório com `git clone https://github.com/ingrydf12/RecordsRepo` utilizando terminal ou IDE.
2. Rode o comando `npm install` para instalar as dependências presentes no package.json
3. Em modo de desenvolvimento, rode o projeto com `npm run dev`, ou caso queira rodar o build otimizado, utilize `npm run build` e `npm run preview`.

[EN]
1. Clone this repository with `git clone https://github.com/ingrydf12/RecordsRepo` using terminal or IDE.
2. Run the `npm install` command to install the dependencies present in package.json
3. In development mode, run the project with `npm run dev`, or if you want to run the optimized build, use `npm run build` and `npm run preview`.

# Contribue

If you are begginer and want to contribue to this project, you can see this [guide](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-contribute-to-open-source-projects-as-a-beginner/) from freeCodeCamp.

In [issue tab](https://github.com/ingrydf12/RecordsRepo/issues), you can check tasks (bugs, features, or others) that have been viewed, but you can also add new ones.

## Design Docs

It still in progress.

<img src="https://github.com/ingrydf12/RecordsRepo/blob/docs/project/docs/landing.PNG?raw=true" width="400">
Landing page (initial ideas)
- **Status:** In progress (80%)
